feature/35: Improved matching of Date and Timestamp (#36)
exasol/hamcrest-resultset-matcher: doc/user_guide/user_guide.md

        .matches());
```

In this example the tolerance is0.001.That means that the `ResultSetStructureMatcher` considers two numbers as equal if their absolute difference is smaller than the0.001.

However,this applies the tolerance check to all values that are being matched.

If you want to set the tolerance for the individual values,you can do so by using `cellMatcher`.

```java

final BigDecimal tolerance=BigDecimal.valueOf(0.001);
        assertThat(result,table()
        .row(CellMatcherFactory.cellMatcher(1.234,TypeMatchMode.STRICT,tolerance))
        .row(3.1415)
        .matches());

```

If you do not set any tolerance values, it uses by default `BigDecimal.ZERO`.

### Matching `Date` and `Timestamp`

> When retrieving a `Date` or `Timestamp` from a database JDBC adapters use a `Calendar` to encode the date structure from the database into a the Unix-Timestamp stored in the `Date` or `Timestamp` object. Usually you set this calendar in the `getTimestamp(int columnIndex, Calendar cal)` method of the JDBC adapter. If you don't specify a timestamp there the JDBC adapter uses the Timezone of you test-computer. That's dangerous since it can be different for different developers or CI setups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When retrieving a `Date` or `Timestamp` from a database JDBC adapters use a `Calendar` to encode the date structure from the database into a the Unix-Timestamp stored in the `Date` or `Timestamp` object. Usually you set a calendar in the `getTimestamp(int columnIndex, Calendar cal)` method of the JDBC adapter. If you don't specify a timestamp there the JDBC adapter uses the Timezone of you test-computer. That's dangerous since it can be different for different developers or CI setups.
```

> When you use this matcher it retrieves the column values from the result set, so you can not use the `getTimestamp` method yourself. For that reason you can configure which calendar the matcher uses for reading `Date` and `Timestamp` values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you use this matcher it retrieves the column values from the result set, so you can not use the `getTimestamp` method yourself. For that reason you can configure a UTC calendar the matcher uses for reading `Date` and `Timestamp` values:
```

```java

assertThat(result,table()
        .row(new Timestamp(123456))
        .withUtcCalendar()
        .matches());
```

You can also specify a specific calendar using `withCalendar(Calendar)`.

If you don't specify a calendar the matcher uses the default calendar of your system (just like the JDBC driver). We strongly recommend not to do so!
It's however the default behaviour for backward compatibility. In that case the matcher displays a warning when reading a column without configured calendar.

### Display `Date` and `Timestamp`

> Even so the Java classes `java.sql.Date` and `java.sql.Timestamp` represent a UTC value, their `toString()` method displays the date in the time-zone of the test system. That can easily lead to confusion. For that reason, this matcher instead prints them in UTC in the mismatch description.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Even so the Java classes `java.sql.Date` and `java.sql.Timestamp` represent a UTC value, their `toString()` method displays the date in the time-zone of the test system. That can easily lead to confusion. For that reason, this matcher instead prints them in UTC when the expected values mismatch.
```
